the one that establishes that if it is new video
and here we are in a challenge 8 is good
explained the bar challenge and the challenge is
to fill this potato or vinegar and
If I can not get the vinegar
com
spicy and if I can not with cocacola
come on let's go first with vinegar
ah
how to see
how good
ayad alauí is culminating come
ah
this
the
acceptable but stable to bore you
believe here in this video I move
little spicy this does not like me itchy
a new value hits a droplet and since
I'm dead but we're going to throw him three
droplets for us
and 3
You see it there because no pica
but a bourbon egg let's see I'm going
to prepare the coca-cola because we have
here on 10
but it itches you this I do not know if
and
I will not comment
the third
stopped
let's go with the last
before I did not know but it's coming
but with this I do not know
Of course go awful
very bad
and the subscription comment and the next
Friday a lot is worth I'm going to this
comment
with notes